COOKIE POLICY
Last updated July 31, 2025
This Cookie Policy explains how AbiriCh Vaithiyalingam (Company," 'We," "us," and "our") uses cookies and similar tecnnologjes to recognize you when you Visit our website
at https:owww.gensy.io ("Website"). It explains wnat these technologies are and Why we use them, as well as your ngnts to control our use of them.
In some cases we may use cookies to collect personal information, or that becomes personal information if we combine it Witn other information.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their
websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reponing intormation.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Abirich Vaithiyalingam) are called "first-party cookies." Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third-party
cookies." Third-party cookies enable third-party features or tunctionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g., advertising, interactive content, and analytics). The parties
that set these third-pany cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first- and third-pany cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order tor our Website to operate, and we refer to these as "essential"
or "strictly necessary" cookies. Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Online Properties. Third parties serve
cookies through our Website for advertising, analytics, and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie rights by setting your preferences in the Cookie Consent Manager. The Cookie
Consent Manager allows you to select which categories of cookies you accept or reject. Essential cookies cannot be rejected as they are strictly necessary to provide you with
services.
The Cookie Consent Manager can be found in the notification banner and on our Website. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Website though your access to
some functionality and areas of our Website may be restricted. You may also set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies.
The specific types of first- and third-pany cookies served through our Website and the purposes they perform are described in the table below (please note that the
specific cookies served may vary depending on the specific Online Properties you visit):
Essential website cookies:
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Website and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Name:
Purpose:
Provider:
Service:
Type:
Expires in:
cf bm
Cloudflare places the cookie on end-user devices that access customer Sites protected by Bot Management or Bot Fignt Mode.
.clerk.gensy.io
CloudFlare View Service Privacy Policy
http_C00kie
29 minutes
Performance and functionality_cookie$
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Website but are non-essential to their use_ However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like
videos) may become unavailable.
Name:
Purpose:
Provider:
Service:
Type:
Expires in:
cfuvid
This cookie iS set by Cloudflare to enhance security and pertormance. It helps identity trusted web traffic and ensures a secure browsing experience tor users.
Cloudflare View Service Privacy Policy
server cookie
session
Unclassified cookies:
These are cookies that have not yet been categorized. We are in the process ot classifying these cookies with the help ot their providers.
Name:
Provider:
Type:
Expires in:
Name:
Provider:
Type:
Expires in:
Name:
Provider:
Type:
Expires in:
client
.clerk.gensy.io
server cookie
9 years II months 28 days
client_uat_bjMX72eV
.gensy.io
server cookie
9 years 11 months 28 days
clerk environment
www.gensy.io
html_local_storage
persistent
Name:
client uat
Provider .gensy.io
Type: server_cookie
Expires in: 9 years 11 months 28 days
How can I control cookies on my browser?
As the means by wmcn you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser to browser, you should visit your browsers nelP menu for more information.
The following is information about how to manage cookies on the most popular browsers:
. Chrome
• Intemet Explorer
• Firefox
. Safari
• Edge
• Opera
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out ot targeted advertising. It you would like to find out more information, please visit:
• Digital Advertising Alliance
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
• European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies trom time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking
pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are tiny graphics tiles that contain a unique identifier that enables us to recognize when someone has visited our Website or opened an email
including them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within a website to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to
understand whether you have come to the website from an online advertisement displayed on a third-pany website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of
email marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
Do you use Flash cookies or Local Shared Objects?
Websites may also use so-called "Flash Cookies" (also known as Local Shared Objects or "LSOs") to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of our
services, fraud prevention, and for other site operations-
If you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash Cookies storage using the tools contained in the Website
Storage Settings Panel. You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that
explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash Cookies (referred to "information" on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer
without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash Cookies that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time).
Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash Cookies may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially,
Flash applications used in connection with our services or online content.
Do you serve targeted advertising?
Third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our Website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and
other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure tne
effectiveness of advertisements. They can accomplish this by using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide
relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you. The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identity' your name,
contact details, or other details that directly identify you unless you choose to provide these.
How often will you update this Cookie Policy?
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. Please
therefore revisit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the top of this Cookie Policy indicates when it was last updated.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at info@gensy.io or by post to:
Gensy
India